README.md, before:

# Phone Number Formatter (iOS)

[![Swift](https://img.shields.io/badge/Swift-5.x-orange.svg)](https://swift.org)
[![Xcode](https://img.shields.io/badge/Xcode-13.0+-blue.svg)](https://developer.apple.com/xcode/)
[![iOS](https://img.shields.io/badge/iOS-13.0+-lightgrey.svg)](https://developer.apple.com/ios/)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-green.svg)](LICENSE)

iOS app to format contact phone numbers into standard formats. This app simplifies the process
of keeping phone numbers in a user-friendly and consistent manner within your iOS device.

## Supported Formats

The app currently supports the following phone number formats:

* **E.164:** `+15555648583` (International standard format)
* **International:** `+1 555-564-8583` (International format with spaces and hyphens for readability)
* **National:** `(555) 564-8583` (National format with parentheses and a hyphen)

## Screenshot

![Simulator Screenshot - iPhone 16 Pro Max - 2025-05-10 at 12 48 08](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/71226576-784d-422f-98d7-dc917f429208)


## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! If you'd like to contribute to this project, please ensure your code
follows the existing style and includes appropriate tests. For major changes, please open an issue
first to discuss what you would like to change.

Commit message:

readme: add a link to Twitch 2

README.md, after:

# Phone Number Formatter (iOS)

[![Swift](https://img.shields.io/badge/Swift-5.x-orange.svg)](https://swift.org)
[![Xcode](https://img.shields.io/badge/Xcode-13.0+-blue.svg)](https://developer.apple.com/xcode/)
[![iOS](https://img.shields.io/badge/iOS-13.0+-lightgrey.svg)](https://developer.apple.com/ios/)
[![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-green.svg)](LICENSE)

iOS app to format contact phone numbers into standard formats. This app simplifies the process
of keeping phone numbers in a user-friendly and consistent manner within your iOS device.

## Supported Formats

The app currently supports the following phone number formats:

* **E.164:** `+15555648583` (International standard format)
* **International:** `+1 555-564-8583` (International format with spaces and hyphens for readability)
* **National:** `(555) 564-8583` (National format with parentheses and a hyphen)

## Screenshot

![Simulator Screenshot - iPhone 16 Pro Max - 2025-05-10 at 12 48 08](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/71226576-784d-422f-98d7-dc917f429208)

## See Also

This app is written for iOS. If you're looking for a similar app, but on the Android platform, see
[Twitch 2](https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=twitch.angelandroidapps.cnf2&hl=en_US).

## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! If you'd like to contribute to this project, please ensure your code
follows the existing style and includes appropriate tests. For major changes, please open an issue
first to discuss what you would like to change.
